Contains: Propane, Butane, Butoxyethanol, Citrus Aurantium Dulcis Peel Extract, Ammonium Hydroxide, Citral, Sodium Hydroxide.
For more ingredient information, visit www.zenexint.com
.

DANGER: Extremely flammable aerosol. Contains gas under pressure; may explode if heated. May cause an allergic skin reaction. May cause damage to organs through prolonged or repeated exposure.

PRECAUTIONARY STATEMENT
WARNING: Cancer and Reproduction Harm – www.p65warnings.ca.gov

SHAKE WELL BEFORE USING

FEATURES
A concentrated, high-foaming shampoo treatment that cleans all vinyl, upholstery, and floor carpet. Contains high-potency detergents that remove common stains and soil from seats, door panels, and headliners, leaving a pleasant lemon aroma when dry.

DIRECTIONS FOR USE

For best results, use when can is between 70°F and 90°F.

Invert can and point opening of spray button toward object, holding can 12 to 16 inches from surface. Press spray button firmly to apply product to the area to be cleaned.

INTERIOR SHAMPOOING: Apply the high-foaming action with a natural sponge or scrub brush. Use a circular scrubbing motion for best results. Rinse with clean water using a sponge or toweling — leaves a “new car sheen.”

VINYL AND HARD SURFACE CLEANING: Spray on liberally and wipe off with a damp sponge or toweling.

COMPOSITIONAL INFORMATION
If medical advice is needed, have product container or label at hand. Keep out of reach of children. Read label before use. Keep away from heat, hot surfaces, sparks, open flames, and other ignition sources. No smoking. Do not spray on an open flame or other ignition source. Do not pierce or burn, even after use. Do not breathe mist, vapors, or spray. Wear protective gloves and protective clothing. Contaminated work clothing should not be allowed out of the workplace. Get medical attention if you feel unwell.
IF ON SKIN: Wash with plenty of soap and water. Wash contaminated clothing before reuse. If skin irritation or a rash occurs: Get medical attention.
Store in a well-ventilated place. Protect from sunlight. Do not expose to temperatures exceeding 50°C / 122°F. Dispose of contents and container in accordance with local, regional, national, and international regulations.

Please refer to the SDS for additional information. Keep upright in a cool, dry place. Do not discard empty can in trash compactor.
Percentage of the mixture consisting of ingredient(s) of unknown toxicity: Oral 1.5%, Dermal 1.5%, Inhalation 1.5%.

Read Safety Data Sheet before using.
KEEP OUT OF REACH OF CHILDREN.

Made in U.S.A. with globally sourced materials
VOC Content: 5.0%